# Updated environment initialization

- Initialize the client with `{environment: "test"}` or `{environment: "production"}` instead of providing a chainID.
  This will enable queries to the correct graph.
- `WalletClient` is not required. When initializing without a wallet client, or when the wallet client is set to a chain
  not supported in the environment, the SDK will default to read only mode.
- `PublicClient` is not required. This client is mostly used for transaction simulation. When initializing without a
  publicClient, the SDK will default to a public client provided by `viem` for the chain specified by the
  `WalletClient`.

# Removed GraphQL client

We removed the client in favor of letting developers using the graph directly. During development we learned that
there's not a single query that fits all use cases. By using the graph directly, developers can build queries that fit
their specific needs.

> When using VSCode we recommend using [gql.tada](https://github.com/0no-co/gql.tada) for syntax highlighting and other
> nifty features.

## Example for setting up your own graph client

1. Get your types on If you work on VSCode gql.tada is nice: https://github.com/0no-co/gql.tada

2. Connect to a graph endpoint

#### Use urql as your graph client:

https://github.com/urql-graphql/urql

#### Get Graph URL from SDK

import { CONSTANTS } from "@hypercerts-org/sdk"

#### Set up urql client:

> indexerEnvironment can be an evn var. Either "production" or "test"

```js
export const urqlClient = new Client({
url: CONSTANTS.ENDPOINTS[indexerEnvironment as "production" | "test"],
exchanges: [cacheExchange, fetchExchange],
});
```

# Removed methods

- `getData`
- `getMetadata` -> in favor of using the Graph

# Nerd stuff

- API client autogenerated from the OpenAPI endpoint
- Using gql.tada for building queries
- Reduced package size from 556Kb (2.0.0-alpha.0) to 158Kb (2.0.0-alpha.22)
